Updated Components Styling sections (#532)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/linear-gauge.md

## Styling

> The Linear Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various options controlling a selection of brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linear Gauge comes with styling flexibility through the various options for brushes including Value Brush, Target Value Brush, Tick Brush, Minor Tick Brush, and a collection of Range Brushes.
```
